Update kage_001.txt (#181)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_001.txt

//r郊外に設営された空港をはじめ交通の便に恵まれたこの地域は、近年人口を飛躍的に増大させていることで有名だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "郊外に設営された空港をはじめ交通の便に恵まれたこの地域は、近年人口を飛躍的に増大させていることで有名だ。",

> 			NULL, "The area featured a flourishing transporation network, aand just recently they even began construction on an airport. All of this coupled with the rapidly growing population, has made the town fairly well-known.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The area featured a flourishing transportation network, including an airport built on the city outskirts. All of this, coupled with the rapidly growing population, has made the town fairly well-known.", Line_Normal);
```

//r路地の隅に横付けするかたちで車が止まり、運転していた地元の女性刑事——南井巴警部がフロントガラス越しに一軒前の家を指差す。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "路地の隅に横付けするかたちで車が止まり、運転していた地元の女性刑事——南井巴警部がフロントガラス越しに一軒前の家を指差す。",

> 			NULL, "The car slows to a standstill beside an alley. The driver, Chief Inspector Tomoe Minai, a local police detective, points to a house visible through the windshield.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The car slowed to a standstill beside an alley. The driver, Chief Inspector Tomoe Minai, a local police detective, pointed to a house visible through the windshield.", Line_Normal);
```

//r後部座席の私と大石さんは顔を見合わせ頷くと、それぞれ左右のドアを開いて外に出た。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "後部座席の私と大石さんは顔を見合わせ頷くと、それぞれ左右のドアを開いて外に出た。",

> 			NULL, "Sitting in the backseat, Ooishi-san and I nod to each other before exiting the car through our respective doors.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Sitting in the backseat, Ooishi-san and I nodded to each other before exiting the car through our respective doors.", Line_Normal);
```

//r外に出た途端、蒸しかえるような暑さが肌を焼いて、汗がまたたく間に吹き出してくる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "外に出た途端、蒸しかえるような暑さが肌を焼いて、汗がまたたく間に吹き出してくる。",

> 			NULL, "The moment I step outside, it's as if I have been engulfed by the sweltering heat, and I can feel my skin burning while my body almost instantly begins to sweat.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The moment I stepped outside, it was as if I'd been engulfed by the sweltering heat, and I could feel my skin burning while my body almost instantly began to sweat.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rぎらぎらと照りつける太陽と、甲高く鳴り響くセミの声。まだ昼前のはずなのに、熱気が立ち込めて風も感じない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ぎらぎらと照りつける太陽と、甲高く鳴り響くセミの声。まだ昼前のはずなのに、熱気が立ち込めて風も感じない。",
			NULL, "All I could sense was the blazing sun, and the shrill cry of the cicadas. Despite arriving before noon, the air was hot and stagnant. I didn't even feel a breeze.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rひさし代わりにかざした手の甲に、じっとりと額の汗がにじむ。アスファルトに反射する陽射しが眩しくて、思わずめまいすら覚えた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ひさし代わりにかざした手の甲に、じっとりと額の汗がにじむ。アスファルトに反射する陽射しが眩しくて、思わずめまいすら覚えた。",

> 			NULL, "Feeling uncomfortable, I brought the back of my hand to my forehead to wipe away the sweat. The sunlight reflecting off the asphalt was dazzling, and before I knew it I felt a wave of dizziness.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Feeling uncomfortable, I held the back of my hand to my forehead to wipe away the sweat. The sunlight reflecting off the asphalt was dazzling, and before I knew it I felt a wave of dizziness.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「はい。上に許可もとって、鍵を預かっていますので。",
			NULL, "\"Yes. I've already asked the higher-ups, so I brought the key with me.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あ、——そうだ」",

> 			NULL, " Oh—— One moment.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Oh... One moment.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

	FadeBustshot( 3, FALSE, 0, 0, 0, 0, 200, TRUE );

//rそう答えながら、いったん車を降りた南井警部は何かを思い出したのか、再び戻って無線をＯＮにする。そしてレシーバーを手に取り、通信を開いた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう答えながら、いったん車を降りた南井警部は何かを思い出したのか、再び戻って無線をＯＮにする。そしてレシーバーを手に取り、通信を開いた。",

> 			NULL, "It seems Minai remembered something while answering my question. She quickly goes to the car and turns on the police scanner. With the receiver in hand, she sends out a transmission.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It seemed Chief Inspector Minai remembered something while answering my question. She quickly went back to the car and turned on the police scanner. With the receiver in hand, she sent out a transmission.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Roger.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_ando1006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "どうぞ、ごゆっくり』",
			NULL, " Take all the time you need, over.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//巴rvS08/28/320500009.「…通信、終わります」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500009", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…通信、終わります」",
			NULL, "\"...Ending communications.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r余計な雑談も挟まず、南井警部は手短に交信を終える。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "余計な雑談も挟まず、南井警部は手短に交信を終える。",
			NULL, "After that brief exchange, Chief Inspector Minai ended the call.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

	PlaySE(3, "addse22", 256, 64);

//rそしてレシーバーを戻し、なにが『ごゆっくり』よ…と吐き捨てるように呟きながら、運転席のドアをばたん、と閉めた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そしてレシーバーを戻し、なにが『ごゆっくり』よ…と吐き捨てるように呟きながら、運転席のドアをばたん、と閉めた。",

> 			NULL, "Then, while she hung up the receiver... she seemed quietly grumble \"take all the time you need\" while shutting the door on the driver's side.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Then, as she hung up the receiver... she seemed to quietly grumble \"take all the time you need\" while shutting the door on the driver's side.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100010", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「んっふっふっふっ！",

> 			NULL, "\"Fu fu fu!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Nfu fu fu!", Line_WaitForInput);
```
